docs: use scale testing utility (#12643)
coder/coder: scaletest/templates/kubernetes-large/README.md

# kubernetes-large

Provisions a large-sized workspace with no persistent storage.

> _Requires_: `cloud.google.com/gke-nodepool` = `big-workspaces`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Note_: It is assumed you will be running workspaces on a dedicated GKE nodepool.
By default, this template sets a node affinity of `cloud.google.com/gke-nodepool` = `big-workspaces`. The nodepool affinity can be customized with the variable `kubernetes_nodepool_workspaces`. 
```

Author: Thanks. Mirrored to all templates 👍
